Taking the statement for what it is, she starts toward me. Lisette has seven or eight inches on me, and probably a solid sixty pounds. Maybe more. So there’s no hesitation on my part when I draw a knife from its sheath. I could kill her in a second with magic, but when I told the others no magic, I meant it. I send my right arm back and release the stone I’ve had cupped in my palm throughout the conversation at her head. It hits her right above her left eyebrow, splitting the skin and sending blood streaming into her left eye.

I draw a second knife and close the distance between us. I duck under her arms as I get close and send a knife into her ribs. Unfortunately, it hits bone and skates along, leaving a nasty gash that’s definitely not life threatening. I kick out at her right knee as I move past. I hear a popping crunch that sounds like it’s done some damage as I make contact. When I come up though, her right fist slams into my left cheekbone, sending me staggering back a couple of steps before I’m able to rebalance and slide to the side. My head is ringing, and I think the skin on my cheek is split open. But at least whatever blood is coming from the cut is flowing down my face and not into my eyes. I move to Lisette’s left, trying for whatever advantage the blood clouding her vision can give me, and sink a knife into her left side.

When I do, I feel her begin to pull energy into herself. I was hoping to end this before she had a chance to use any magic. I twist the knife as I move, then yank it out as I slide around behind her. Once behind her, I drive both knives into her throat from opposite sides, and release them as she falls to her knees, with blood pulsing darkly from the wounds around each knife.

“Fuck,” I mutter softly as I remove the knives and the pulsing blood ebbs to a slow trickle. I wait until I’m reasonably sure she’s gone, and then I plunge a knife into her heart for good measure. I’ve survived wounds I shouldn’t have been able to before, so I see no reason to chance her doing the same, however unlikely it may be.

I wrap my fingers around her wrist searching for a pulse. When I’ve counted to two hundred without feeling one. I wipe my knives off on her clothes as best I can before sheathing them and rising to my feet.

I see Davy and Giorgi approaching from the south and turn to find Alex coming from the north. Fuck.
